-: Welcome back.
In this step we are going to add annotations related
to SSL in 07-ALB-Ingress-SSL.yml.
So here we have two important annotations,
which are needed for SSL to be enabled
on our application load balancer when we do it
from our kubernetes ingress manifest.
Okay, so one is lezyne ports
and the second is certificate ERN.
So lezyne ports by default, even if you define it or not
has TP port 80 is a default one.
It is going to get created.
So in addition to 80 lezyne port for our load balancer
if you want 443 also to be created.
So we need to define that
ALB ingress kubernetes dot io / lezyne ports
annotation in our kubernetes ingress manifest.
In addition to that, we also need to define the certificate.
Yeah, ARN related annotation also.
So which ARN we need to take is for the recent certificate
whatever we have created here
right in the certificate manager.
So let's go to certificate manager
and we say cube on cloud.com.
So let's make it bigger and then copy this ERN
and right and let's go to our manifest here.
So 1, 2, 6 are going to be same
and which from the previous context
which is context part based routing.
And in seven you will have two more additional
settings added here, which are related
to Lezyne port certificate and then SSL policy.
So here you need to update
and then put your certificate here.
So your domain name is different
and then if you want to add different, right?
So why, because everyone will have their own domain names
in route 53.
So you need to update this certificate, ERN
by bringing it from this location.
So the next thing is SSL policy.
By default, if there is no SSL policy defined here
it is going to pick the default one.
If you want to define something,
then you need to define it there
and then provide the name here, okay?
So that's about the SSL policies.
So this is an additional setting host setting
which you can put it here.
So wherein you really don't need to
provide the certificate ARN
but you can directly provide your domain name here
whatever you want to have the certificate from.
So SSL demo dot kube on cloud.com will pick
the star dot kube on cloud.com related certificate.
ARN, and then associate it automatically.
So, but all these things we are not using currently.
Let's have it as is.
And then just only two,
two lines of additional code we have added.
One is Lezyne ports
and then other is certificate ERN as part of this SSL demo.
So now we have created it.
So let's go back here and then create it, okay.
So we are in 0804 ELB ingress SSL, okay.
So I'll check kubectl,
apply H and F and then kube manifest.
So this should create as everything, all the manifest here.
And if you see any errors, it is always good to crosscheck
from your kube ingress controller log using this command.
In first two sections, I already added it.
So everything shows successful here,
successfully reconciled.
So that is good.
So let me go back to our browser and go
to easy two and go to load balances and click on listeners.
Okay, so we can see now listener 80 is created
and then listener 443 is created.
Okay, so now let's go ahead and then see the rules in 443.
So all the same rules app one slash star
and this one going to one target group app two to app two
and then slash star two user management.
Okay, so now come back and also verify this one right, SSL.
So SSL also same rules added which is nothing
but app one going to some target group, app two,
and then app three and in both it is there.
So which means in our architecture diagram,
we have discussed that we will be able serve http URLs
and then http yes URLs.
So that is satisfied here.
And the next thing is you can verify your SSL certificate.
You are edit your certificate
and you can see our certificate associated
for our load balancer is star dot kube on cloud.com
whatever we have created.
Okay, so that's good.
So these are the verifications we are supposed to perform.
And in addition to that, once we deploy
we have verified all those things.
And in addition to that
if you want to verify the target groups
you can verify it is as earlier, same, only, right?
So ideally don't need to worry.
So I can say refresh here and soon they'll become healthy.
So let me see this one and then refresh here.
Okay, so it'll take a while to get it up and running.
So next thing for us to verify is
kubectl getting ingress even
that is going to provide the value.
So now we need to go ahead and then also do that
DNS registration in route 53.
So before doing that,
let's verify everything is up and running.
So let's refresh the target groups here and go inside
and then it should be healthy.
So user management is healthy and we'll go for app one
and refresh here and it should be healthy.
And we'll also go for app two and then refresh it
is healthy, okay?
So all three apps are healthy so we can even
test them directly via load balancer, DNS name.
So here and then I will say, I'll just test one for now
and then I'll move on with route 53, DNS registration, okay.
So it's up and running.
So we'll close this and certificate manager will close it
and then we'll go to route 53
and then do the DNS registration, okay.
With some name here, okay.
So I'm going to say SSL demo dot kube on cloud.com, okay?
So I'll go back to Route 53, right?
So before that we can even copy this value
DNS name record, okay?
And I will say Route 53, right?
And we'll go to register domains
and we are going into kube on cloud.com, okay?
So we'll go to hosted zones, right?
So register domains is for registration
and hosted zones is for adding that record sets, okay?
So we went into hosted zones and kube one cloud.com.
So you can see now here
so we are going to create a record set, okay?
And I'm going to say SSL demo dot kube on cloud.com
and I'll select the ELS here.
And that ELS name I'm going to select is
whatever I have copied from there, the DNS name, right?
The same thing, okay, I can copy it
or I can even find it in the, if I remove it
and then see you can even find the same thing here, okay?
So, but I'll copy it.
I feel more comfortable in copying and then pasting.
So I'll do that way, okay?
And then I'll create it, okay?
So once created, so next thing we need to
do is we need to do the NS look up and then test
whether SSL demo dot kube on cloud.com is resolving.
Okay? So we can go here and then say clear.
So it'll take a while, close to five to 10 minutes to
get this thing resolving to the IPs.
So it is quick now, so it completed.
So now with this domain name, we are going to
access everything with HTTP first and then next https.
So I'll say HTTP
and then SSL demo slash app one slash index dot html, right?
So it's accessible.
So I will also say on the same line app two,
accessible, not secure.
You can see.
And I will also say user NGMT slash
health status all are up and running.
We can see it now here, okay?
So now we are going to use http, yes url.
Okay, so I'll say http, yes slash slash and the same url
SSL demo dot kube on cloud.com, right?
And now I'll say app one slash index dot html, okay.
Yes, now SSL is server here.
Now we can see the information SSL certificate
we can see it, right?
The certificate symbol, you can see it here in the same way.
If you want we can test it via even Google Chrome.
So it'll be good here.
So https slash slash
and then I'll say slash app two dot index dot html.
And you can see the certificate symbol
and then you can see certificate is valued
and the certificate you can see right Amazon route
year one Amazon star dot kube on cloud.com, okay.
So it's valid 22 August, 2021.
So that's about it.
Okay, so let me close this.
And finally also access our third application
which is user MGMT slash health status, right?
So this should be up and running on SSL two.
So this completes the implementation
of means like enabling SSL using alb English controller
from from English Manifest.
We have enabled SSL for all of our applications.
So the CME is applied on the application load balancers.
So in our next lecture we'll focus on enabling SSL redirect.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.